# ICS4U-Portfolio
<h1> My Reflection on this Semester</h1>
<p>In my first senior semester of my last year at highschool Computer Science was one of my most well enjoyed courses to take part in, for a plethora of reasons; the flexibility and leniency associated with the course, letting me use the time to focus on other courses if need be. And as well as many opportunities to give another layer of depth to knowledge I already had, For example; expanding my knowledge of HTML whilst learning jQuery and the DOM. And who can forget the coined Learn to Cube portion of our Algorithms unit. It made me face something that i had to go out of my way to understand which was really interesting to me as I havent experienced that feeling many times before. It gave me a reason to drop all of my other hobbies to figure this one thing that was so arbitrary to the rest of my life, that I couldnt go back without figuring it out and eventually with a lot of sweat and brainpower, I found my own way of understanding it and firgured it out. Furthermore, in this repository you can find a wide variety of coded assignments that I'm proud of from my e-learning on Khan Academy. From Intro to JavaScript to HTML its all there. Lastly the summative this semester was a load of fun to put together and run for the class, and allowed for a great learning opportunity on a subject that i can relate to and get a better understanding of through the research we did for our presentation. This class has been a lot of fun and im really happy I made the decision to take it my last two years. </p>
